Feature/reporting display timezone (#1198)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/manage-account/reports/account-money/api.en.md

| `frequency` | <br/>Indicates the daily, weekly or monthly frequency of scheduled reports.<br/><br/> - `frequency` applies type *monthly* to the day of the month or *weekly* to the day of the week.<br/> - `hour` time of day to generate the report. <br/> - `type` indicates the type of frequency *daily*, *weekly* and *monthly*.<br/><br/> |
| `display_timezone` (optional) | <br/>This field determines the date and time displayed in the reports. If you do not set a time zone in this field, the system will consider GMT-04 as default. If you choose a time zone which adopts daylight saving time, you will need to adjust it manually when the time changes.<br/><br/> |
| *`refund_detailed` (optional)* | <br/> Displays the reference code (`external_reference`) of the refund instead of the reference code (`external_reference`) of the payment.<br/><br/> |
| `scheduled` (read_only) | <br/> Informative field that indicates if there are already scheduled reports in the user account. <br/><br/> |
| *`separator` (optional)* | <br/> Separator that you can use in the .csv file when you don't want the separator to be a comma. <br/><br/> |

> | `notification_email_list` (otional) | <br/>Allows you to add a group of email recipients to be notified when a report is ready and available for download. Make sure to include the email linked to your Mercado Pago account so you can be notified as well. <br/><br/> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `notification_email_list` (optional) | <br/>Allows you to add a group of e-mail recipients to be notified when a report is ready and available for download. Make sure to include the email linked to your Mercado Pago account so you can be notified as well. <br/><br/> |
```
